This is not a group project. Implement the solution to 
one of following set of problems. Your solution must 
follow state space search strategy. You can use any 
programming language of your choice. You should pick 
appropriate state description, operator function, fringe, 
path cost and a search strategy.

Your program should output a sequence of actions leading 
from initial state to goal state. You must submit code 
and screen shot of outputs in the same file. You must 
indicate in what format an input should be provided to 
the program if there is any.

 In some problems, initial state can be given as an input 
 to the program (for example, 8-puzzle). Your program 
 should prompt the user to provide input in certain form. 
 However, some problems have fixed initial state (For 
 example, 8 queen, cannibal and missionary, etc.).

Please note that below problems will be equally divided 
among students in the class. For example, if we have 30 
students in the class, no more than 5 students will have 
the same problem. Problems will be assigned on first 
come first serve basis. To be safe, you should indicate 
your choice by providing three problems of your choosing 
in the order of your preference, most preferred first. 
There is a thread created in discussion section, you 
should indicate your choice by replying in that thread.

8 Puzzle Problem (Refer to Lecture Notes)
Tower of Hanoi (See description in next post)
Cannibal and Missionary (See description in next post)
River Problem (Refer to Lecture Note)
Travelling Salesman (See description in next post)
8 queen problem (Refer to Lecture Notes)
 Submission Format: You must submit all your code and 
 screenshot of outputs in a single word file.

Plagiarism will not be tolerated. You should not copy 
code from online resources or from your class mates. 
Please note that I will be using following strategies 
to identify whether it is your work or not: 

Plagiarism checker software.
Search engines
Conducting interviews in my office. The interview will 
involve the explanation of your code and/or writing a 
piece of code in my office for anything of my choosing.